
<span style="font-family: 'Italianno'; font-size: 32; font-weight: 400; color: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.7);">On the Twelfth day of Seuda in the year Five Hundred Twenty-One,</span>
 <span style="font-family: 'Italianno'; font-size: 23; font-weight: 400; color: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.7);">We, the four known surviving members and servants of house Oros have arrived in the city of Tokarov. As we have walked the streets in our search, we have run into some rather</span> <span style="font-family: 'Italianno'; font-size: 26; font-weight: 600; color: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.7);">unique</span> <span style="font-family: 'Italianno'; font-size: 23; font-weight: 400; color: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.7);">individuals. First, a warforged calling himself Thaddius McNabb. He states himself to be in search of a 'child' warforged named Amir Jean-Baptiste. He seems unfortunately disabled, lacking any clock or ability to tell time whatsoever. Lady Piff and I had attempted to have him repaired in a mechanic's shop, but alas, the stubborn fool attempted to not have these repairs. It took powerful urging to convince him.</span>
 
 <span style="font-family: 'Italianno'; font-size: 23; font-weight: 400; color: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.7);">To speak further regarding these new companions, we met them simultaneous to McNabb, though they travelled here separate from the warforged. An autognome known as Frankie Victorious and a human called Serophin, they claim to be healers of some sort. The two offered to assist in our investigation, and have been hired by Lady Piff. Thus far, they seem competent enough. Unfortunately McNabb's investigation seems to coincide with our own, as he had a coin with magical traces that were similar to what we have found thus far, so he may somehow be useful later on.</span>            .

<span style="font-family: 'Italianno'; font-size: 23; font-weight: 400; color: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.7);">While we were on our way to the mechanic's shop, we found a commotion in the streets. A few commoners running from something. From one of them, it was stated a murder was happening, so the seven of us went to investigate, and possibly intervene. The scene we found instead of a murder was an execution, already in progress, with the headless corpses of a man and woman on stage, not yet old enough to begin gathering flies. Still there restrained and yet to be killed was their child, a boy no older than 12. Lady Piff recognized the executioner by sight, while I only realized by name. Hema of house Evra stood, about to behead the child, until Lady Piff called out and begun a conversation with him.</span>

<span style="font-family: 'Italianno'; font-size: 23; font-weight: 400; color: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.7);">She began to question him on why this child's life had been demanded by the law, distraught as most would be upon seeing such a scene. The child's parents had committed the crime of treason, and the king ordered them- and their likely indoctrinated child- unto death. Lady Piff, confident and... Principled as she is stepped onstage, stating she cannot allow the child be killed. Lord Evra commanded her step down, and as she refused, I advised she listen to him.</span>

<span style="font-family: 'Italianno'; font-size: 23; font-weight: 400; color: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.7);">To state my reasoning, I must begin with making one thing clear; I am no supporter of the killing of children. If the child were to die, it would be a tragedy of course. However, I am one of caution and occasional pragmaticism to serve the well-being of the house I serve. To go against one acting upon the commands of the king is a risk to the prospects of rebuilding house Oros, and one I think worth more than only a single life. Before I had left and given my final advice to Lady Oros, Lord Evra had commanded the cloaked woman on the platform next to him- Taava- to carry out the order as he handled this. Unlike Evra, Taava seemed all too eager at the 'opportunity'.</span>

<span style="font-family: 'Italianno'; font-size: 23; font-weight: 400; color: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.7);">While I cannot speak as to what happened there after I had left ahead to the mechanic's, I can speak to the results after. By a miracle or blessing, somehow Lady Piff had convinced him to put off this execution so she could get an audience with the king. Of course, all miracles must come with tragedy, and our cost from this is the warforged by his horrid judgement was attracted to and began courtship with Taava. An issue we will have to sort out in the future.</span>

<span style="font-family: 'Italianno'; font-size: 23; font-weight: 400; color: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.7);">We ended the day going separate ways, the new companions seeking a lawyer, the warforged going to his mistress, Lady Piff finding a place for the night, and later joining me in my trip to a local library to research. The books contained sufficient knowledge on the related laws to this case, but was quite lacking when it comes to my personal research. The pair that went to find a lawyer did return with news of one, though from the sound of it, his 'skill' is questionable at best. A record of minor crimes, with only one major case of domestic abuse. He had given them perfect recorded numbers of his wins, but had no data on his losses. We will have to question him tomorrow to assess his aptitude when we go to officially meet our client.</span>
<span style="font-family: 'Italianno'; font-size: 32; font-weight: 400; color: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.7);">Signed into veracity by Yzex'Kyllis.</span>