#Session 

[[Characters/Party/Thaddius McNabb\|Thaddius]] is attempting to go on a date. Positives save our souls. [[Characters/Party/Yzex'kyllis]] heads to the library. After securing rooms to rest for the night with [[Characters/Party/Shapiffany 'Piff' Oros\|Piff]], [[Characters/Party/Frankie Victorius\|Frankie]] and [[Characters/Party/Serophin]] search for a lawyer. The scholar house they find has a lawyer named [[Characters/Non-Party/Talyanna Bula]], but the man they meet, [[Characters/Non-Party/Kokava]], said he's a rather bad and incompetent lawyer who mainly works in petty squabbles. They follow him down the hall to [[Characters/Non-Party/Talyanna Bula\|Talyanna]], and begin to talk to him about his case history. He was bewildered upon being told it was an execution order... Against the king. He's a very wanted man <span style="font-family: 'French Script MT', cursive; font-size: 18; font-weight: 800; color: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.7);">for my services specifically!</span>, according to himself. Looking at his records, almost all the cases seem to be defending others in the scholar house. After discussing and bartering, [[Characters/Non-Party/Talyanna Bula\|Talyanna]] will get 2 GP if he wins or 4 SP if he loses.

As the pair heads back to the inn, we cut to [[Characters/Party/Thaddius McNabb\|Thaddius]] trying to find his date, heading to the district with taverns. [[Characters/Party/Thaddius McNabb\|Thaddius]] approaches with a whistle, as she waves [[Misc/Promiscuous\|salaciously]]. Double disgusting. Somehow, she's into the whistle, but simultaneously confused and grossed out. There was a debate about whether or not to write down that [[Characters/Party/Thaddius McNabb\|Thaddius]] has sterile semen. [[Characters/Party/Thaddius McNabb\|Thaddius]] has terrible drink preferences and tries to hide it by taking whatever she's having. She likes mead. She also has terrible drink preferences as posset is objectively better. <span style="font-family: 'French Script MT', cursive; font-size: 18; font-weight: 200; color: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.7);">I personally like sweet ciders.</span> Talking about the execution, she mentions [[Characters/Non-Party/Gaava Meklal\|Gaava]], who does the paperwork afterwards. They leave to do more disgusting stuff after [[Characters/Non-Party/Taava Min\|Taava]] fails to chug a drink. 

Children can be tried as adults and is purely up to the judiciary's discretion. Guilt by association ranges from full equal punishment to around a quarter. The king's name is [[Characters/Non-Party/King Alberich Yashari\|Alberich]], and seems similar to his father, [[Characters/Non-Party/King Uria Yashari\|Uria Yashari]]. He's made many trade deals, notably with the people of the glass plateaus. [[Characters/Party/Shapiffany 'Piff' Oros\|Piff]] walks into the library. [[Characters/Non-Party/Hema Evra\|Hema]]'s wife was in the senate, as was one of [[Characters/Party/Shapiffany 'Piff' Oros\|Piff]]'s grandpas. The grandpa was removed when a whistleman died. [[Characters/Party/Yzex'kyllis]] reads a book on demonology. Its not exactly detailed. 

[[Misc/Long Rest]]

At the prison, we begin to discuss cutting down [[Characters/Non-Party/Talyanna Bula\|Talyanna]]'s pay. The abuse case involved accuser [[Characters/Non-Party/Akereta]], and the client [[Characters/Non-Party/Matalela]]. The pay is docked to 15 silver. An executioner was already inside with our client, and unfortunately, its [[Characters/Non-Party/Taava Min\|Taava]].

Meanwhile, [[Characters/Party/Thaddius McNabb\|Thaddius]] heads to try to find this [[Characters/Non-Party/Gaava Meklal\|Gaava]]. With the help of a random woman off the street, he is pointed to the bakery, where he decides to wait to see if [[Characters/Non-Party/Pinuk Zlila\|Pinuk]] comes by, after hearing from the baker there that he sources some of his sweets from there. We end with [[Characters/Non-Party/Pinuk Zlila\|Pinuk]] and a much skinnier man walking into the bakery...