#Session
In the neutral king's land in the city of [[Locations/Cities and Towns/Tokarov]], the party arrives. [[Characters/Party/Shapiffany 'Piff' Oros]] searches for something unknown, followed by her two servants ([[Characters/Party/Reginald]] and [[Characters/Party/Dracuff]]) and [[Characters/Party/Yzex'kyllis]]. [[Characters/Party/Serophin]] and [[Characters/Party/Frankie Victorius]] look for coin and bodies. [[Characters/Party/Thaddius McNabb]] hunts for a man named [[Characters/Non-Party/Amir Jean-Baptiste]]... the party then meets on the street, by fate or happenstance...

[[Characters/Non-Party/Amir Jean-Baptiste\|Amir]] is a missing child warforged, [[Characters/Party/Shapiffany 'Piff' Oros\|Piff]] finds out as she questions [[Characters/Party/Thaddius McNabb\|Thaddius]]. [[Characters/Party/Yzex'kyllis]] gets a coin with manacles on it from him, and finds it is connected to [[Characters/Party/Shapiffany 'Piff' Oros\|Piff]]'s investigations. [[Characters/Party/Serophin]] and [[Characters/Party/Frankie Victorius\|Frankie]] are hired by the noble house to assist in the investigation, and [[Characters/Party/Thaddius McNabb\|Thaddius]] offers to do so for free, searching for [[Characters/Non-Party/Amir Jean-Baptiste\|Amir]]. [[Characters/Party/Yzex'kyllis]] implements the whole party in a scheme to bring [[Characters/Party/Thaddius McNabb\|Thaddius]] to a mechanics to be repaired.

As we approach the shop, the party begins to see people running away from something, as [[Characters/Party/Thaddius McNabb\|Thaddius]] grabs one of the children doing so. The child is obviously terrified, and after [[Characters/Party/Thaddius McNabb\|Thaddius]] is forced to drop him, he tells us there's a murder happening. 

As we follow the opposite direction as the running, we find an in progress execution, with the only unexecuted yet on the block is a child of approximately 8 years in age, and the executioner and a cloaked woman on stage. The executioner and [[Characters/Party/Shapiffany 'Piff' Oros\|Piff]] recognize each other- the man being [[Characters/Non-Party/Hema Evra]], a noble in direct line of the throne-, and [[Characters/Party/Shapiffany 'Piff' Oros\|Piff]] calls out and begins to question him. The child's family had committed treason, with the king ordering the execution of the family. [[Characters/Non-Party/Hema Evra\|Hema]] is far from enjoying this, with scars in his palms where his nails seem to have pierced skin. [[Characters/Party/Shapiffany 'Piff' Oros\|Piff]] steps onto the platform, stating she cannot allow this to happen. Lord [[Characters/Non-Party/Hema Evra\|Evra]] commands her to step down, which she does not, prompting [[Characters/Party/Yzex'kyllis\|Kyllis]] to step in. 

"Lady [[Characters/Party/Shapiffany 'Piff' Oros\|Piff]]... I really, sincerely advise you listen."
"I advise you know your role."

[[Characters/Non-Party/Hema Evra\|Hema]] commands [[Characters/Non-Party/Taava Min]], the woman on stage, to carry the order out to completion. She seems extremely gleeful at the prospect, as [[Characters/Non-Party/Hema Evra\|Hema]] blocks [[Characters/Party/Shapiffany 'Piff' Oros\|Piff]]'s path to the convicted. The crowd seems slightly more galvanized, but there's no time to speak to fully incite them, as [[Characters/Non-Party/Taava Min\|Taava]] approaches the child with her sadistic smile.

A battle begins, as [[Characters/Party/Yzex'kyllis]] leaves parting words to [[Characters/Party/Shapiffany 'Piff' Oros\|Piff]], shakily as his fear for his own future outweighs his fear of falling slightly more out of favor after her last words:
"... I leave you with a final plea. Think of the future. How many more people you would be able to help if you aren't *imprisoned*. I will see you at the mechanic's shop..."

As he slowly walks away, the combat continues. A man steps between [[Characters/Non-Party/Pinuk Zlila\|Hema]] and [[Characters/Party/Shapiffany 'Piff' Oros\|Piff]] "Friends, there is no need to fight! I would hate to see two of our nations finest battle when we can instead have a talk about this, and suspend this execution a bit longer than we already have!"

As a round passes, [[Characters/Non-Party/Hema Evra\|Hema]] teleports next to [[Characters/Party/Shapiffany 'Piff' Oros\|Piff]], enacting a stunning strike before holding his hand out for [[Characters/Non-Party/Taava Min\|Taava]] to stop. She seems annoyed, before slicing the ground in front of the child, and combat ends. [[Characters/Non-Party/Hema Evra\|Hema]] states he can hold the child until the end of the day until the order must be carried out. They make a deal to have the child spared, but in the future none of those there can interfere with [[Characters/Non-Party/Hema Evra\|Hema]]'s execution orders in the future. The fat man who stepped between introduces himself as [[Characters/Non-Party/Pinuk Zlila]] offering cake to the party. The party leaves to meet [[Characters/Party/Yzex'kyllis]] at the mechanic's shop.
## Minor Details
- [[Characters/Party/Thaddius McNabb\|Thaddius]] attempted to flirt with the woman on the stage, and is apparently... endowed. Disgusting.
- [[Characters/Party/Thaddius McNabb\|Thaddius]] is [[Characters/Non-Party/Taava Min\|Taava]]'s NEW boytoy, so she's [[Misc/Promiscuous\|fo the streets.]]